# DATS 6501 - Capstone Project - Aashish Nair

## Introduction

This project aims to explore the prospect of enhancing the performance of a bot by training it to generate personalized text as opposed to pre-written responses. Such a feat will require the use of natural language generation. In the study, 2 recurrent neural networks and a GPT-2 model were trained with tweets from 30 celebrity twitter accounts and were evaluated based on how their generated text compared to the original text in terms of writing structure and emotional content. 

This repository contains all the deliverables of the DATS 6501 Capstone Project. The python notebooks cover the entire data science procedure, from data collection to data modeling. The capstone report, powerpoint slides, and presentation (.mp4 format) are all available in the repository. The github website can be accessed at the link: https://anair123.github.io/Augmented-Chatbots/. 
 
Part of the analysis was conducted with the help of Tableau. The link to the tableau notebook can be accessed with this link: https://public.tableau.com/profile/aashish2358#!/vizhome/CapstoneProjectDashboard_16179011454220/Dashboard1.

The files uploaded to zenodo can be found at this link: https://zenodo.org/record/4732435


## Tools and Packages

The Python (3.6) code was written in the Jupyter notebook with Anaconda (.ipynb format). All packages needed to run the code are shown in the requirements.txt file. 

## Files

All python notebooks the code was run on are available at the "Code" folder. The data used for the python notebooks and the tableau dashboard are in the "Data" folder. The text generated by the models are stored as pickle files in the "Generated Text" folder. The repository also contains the capstone paper, the capstone presentation, and the powerpoint slides. 
